fix(docs): add information on how to setup credentials for AWS (#356)
kestra-io/plugin-aws: src/main/resources/doc/io.kestra.plugin.aws.md

> ### Authentication
> 
> All tasks must be authenticated for the AWS Platform. You can either setup the credentials using DefaultCredentialsProvider or using appropriate secret variables.
> 
> ## DefaultCredentialsProvider
> 
> DefaultCredentialsProvider is an AWS credentials provider chain that looks for credentials in this order:
> - **Java System Properties** - Java system properties with variables `aws.accessKeyId` and `aws.secretAccessKey`.
> - **Environment Variables** - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`.
> - Web Identity Token credentials from system properties or environment variables.
> - Credential profiles file at the default location (~/.aws/credentials) shared by all AWS SDKs and the AWS CLI.
> - Credentials delivered through the Amazon EC2 container service if `AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_RELATIVE_URI` environment variable is set and security manager has permission to access the variable.
> - Instance profile credentials delivered through the Amazon EC2 metadata service.
> 
> ## Using Secret Variables
> 
> In the Docker environment file, you can set the secret variables: `SECRET_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `SECRET_AWS_SECRET_KEY_ID`, 
> and assign them the corresponding values in base640-encoded format. These variables can later be accessed in the task file using
> `{{ secret('AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID') }}` and `{{ secret('AWS_SECRET_KEY_ID') }}` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authentication

All tasks must be authenticated for the AWS Platform. You can either set up the credentials using the `DefaultCredentialsProvider` or explicitly set credentials using [secrets](https://kestra.io/docs/concepts/secret) or environment variables.

The `DefaultCredentialsProvider` is an AWS credentials provider chain that looks for credentials in this order:
- **Java System Properties** - Java system properties with variables `aws.accessKeyId` and `aws.secretAccessKey`. You can explicitly define those values for a given AWS task and reference [secrets](https://kestra.io/docs/concepts/secret) when using them. Check the blueprints such as [this one](https://kestra.io/blueprints/118-extract-data-from-an-api-and-load-it-to-s3-on-schedule-(every-friday-afternoon)), showing how you can reference secrets in your AWS tasks.
- **Environment Variables** - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`.
- Web Identity Token credentials from system properties or environment variables.
- Credential profiles file in the default location (`~/.aws/credentials`) shared by all AWS SDKs and the AWS CLI.
- Credentials provided by the Amazon EC2 container service if the `AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_RELATIVE_URI` environment variable is set and the security manager has permission to access the variable.
- Instance profile credentials provided by the Amazon EC2 metadata service.
```
